♫ Your smile is so sweet with those crooked eyes ♫
♫ The way you run towards me is especially beautiful ♫
♫ Your smile is not that simple with those crooked
corners of your mouth ♫
♫ Why do you always appear when I make a fool of myself? ♫
♫ All the summer seasons are not as romantic as meeting you ♫
♫ Am I giving you romance or warmth? ♫
♫ All the time in the world cannot compare to my
feelings for you ♫
♫ Because it is you, I will believe in eternity ♫
♫ You are the courage I will protect as if my life depends on it ♫
♫ With you protecting by my side, I have a sense of security ♫
♫ I especially love everything you give me ♫
♫ The two of us together is a small sweet satisfaction ♫
[The Love Equations]
Thirthy push-ups.
Yes, Sir!
Student Zhou Xiao threw away a prohibited item.
I didn't see anything.
Come with me to the security office.
- Auntie!
- Auntie.
It's not like that.
Be gentle.
[Episode 3]
[Battle of Detectives]
In the operation today, the angle of your scalpel edge was too straight.
Remember. When you are in the process of separating the skin from the superficial fascia,
you must tilt the scalpel towards one side of the skin.
Try to avoid leaving the superficial fascia on the skin as much as you can.
Do you know why we do that? I talked to you about it before.
It will help to avoid damaging the superficial fascia's cutaneous nerve as well as the subcutaneous vascular nerve.
Very good.
You must remember to combine theory with practice.
I know.
Zhao Fanzhou, I knew you were in the lab again.
What? He can't do that?
Hello, Professor.
I'm here to see Fanzhou.
Department Chair Liu's pressing us about the military training concluding ceremony hacker situation again.
You've got to think of something. In a bit, I still have to go recruit people for the Badminton Club.
I've already talked to the Programming Club, they're looking for the ID now.
- Okay.
- What?
You guys are looking for the hacker that everyone's talking about?
That's right. All matters are pushed onto the student association. We're not an after-sales service center.
Xiao Zhou, you must find that hacker.
Don't lose face for our Forensic Science Department.
After all, we do have criminal investigation courses.
Professor, why do you only exhort him? I'm also a forensics student.
But what mark did you receive for your criminal investigation course?
Remember. Use what you've learned.
Got it.
Goodbye, Professor.
Zhou Xiao.
You're up?
I came back to tell you guys to get up and eat.
Tao Ling's still sleeping. You can wake her up.
What's in your hand? Can I see it?
Our school's clubs are recruiting.
When I was coming back from the library, I was given all of these.
There are so many.
Tao Ling, time to get up to eat.
"Staying up late won't harm the body."
"Look beautiful without photoshop. Lose weight without running"
Southern University's Health Club will lead you towards a healthy lifestyle.
Tao Ling? Did you hear? This Health Club really suits you, why don't you give it a try?
I'm not going.
Sleeping is the best regimen for maintaining health. I am my own club.
Your tired and out-of-it expression every day
really suits my Xiaomihu (little dazed) face masks. Here.
Look. When you stay up all night, you just need to use this. It's super moisturizing.
Xiaomihu.
Then I'll start a Dazed Club.
Zhou Xiao, I think you're very suitable for my club.
- I think you're–
- Zhou Xiao.
Do you want to join a club with me?
- Which club?
- The Studying Club.
Studying Club?
- What do you do in that club?
- It's a club that requires everyone to turn off their phones
for two hours every day to focus on studying.
I'm not joining.
That kind of club will kill me. I'm not going.
Weird.
[Recruiting for Literature Club]
"Do you like to read?"
Yes.
"Do you like to write?"
- "Do you have writer's block?"
- Yes.
"Join South University's Literature Club. We're waiting for you with literature accomplishments."
- Okay.
- Come check us out!
Come learn more about our club.
Classmate, come learn more about the Literature Club.
Here!  Check this out.
Improve your literary skills. Get a taste of classical literature.
We can't do anything about it. The hacker's skill level is way higher than ours.
Our entire club's been searching for three days, and we still haven't found anything.
Unless this person becomes active again; otherwise, we won't be able to find their network ID.
Then we'll have to think of other ways.
Wait. I recruited a master recently; maybe he can help us.
If there are any updates, I'll contact you.
- Okay. Then I'll get going now.
- Okay.
Bye-bye.
Classmate, check out the Basketball Club.
Come!  Check it out!
Classmate, come check us out!
- Have a look.
- Thanks.
Basketball is so great! You'll get lots of fans.
Classmate, would you like to learn more about the Literature Club?
I would like to join.
Welcome! Can you introduce yourself?
My name's Zhou Xiao. I'm a freshman in the Chinese Department. I love reading and writing novels.
Also, I've recently been writing a detective novel; it's serializing online.
It's quite popular and its reputation is rather good.
Then, can you show me?
Yeah, sure.
I mostly write detective novels.
Fans say my writing style is humorous.
Your writing style is pretty good.
Right? In high school, I competed in the New Concept Writing Competition!
But your logic...
Have you thought of writing something other than detective novels?
No, I have not. If it wasn't for my phobia of blood, I would have applied for a major in Criminal Investigations.
Then, maybe you're not suited for our Literature Club.
Why not?
I'm sure you've seen your fans' comments. They're not wrong.
Even though your writing style is humorous and interesting, but your logic has some problems.
Really?
Why are you still here?
As a representative of the student association, I'm here to see how the recruiting process is going.
Classmate, take a look.
♫ Perhaps, it is the way you smile ♫
♫ So bright, it confused my original direction ♫
♫ Suddenly, you forced your way into my heart ♫
♫ My heartbeat has nowhere to hide ♫
♫ It was that day’s wind that allowed me to gently
hold your hand ♫
♫ Recounting the brightness that instantly lit up in my heart ♫
♫ Regarding the imaginations of my future, I see you
by my side ♫
♫ Smiling as you invite me to settle inside in your gaze ♫
- Classmate, have a look at our Movie-Sharing Club.
- Okay.
Do you have any favorite movies?
Junior, do you want to learn more about our Badminton Club?
Sure.
Junior, help us fill out this form. Once you're done, you'll be able to meet a celebrity.
- Celebrity?
- Yeah, a celebrity.
What celebrity? That's so tacky.
Here you go.
Would you like to join the Badminton Club?
I can consider it.
Zhao Fanzhou, why are you here?
I came to ask the Programming Club about the hacker situation.
- Do they have any clues?
- No.
- Chair Liu said–
- I have to go do something, I'll get going now.
So heartless.
You know him?
We're in the same class.
Weird, right?
Really weird.
Who's this?
He's the National Youth Badminton Champion, Xie Yixing.
Pretty handsome.
Where's my older brother? I swear I saw him run over there.
(T/N: endearment; not real brother)
Where's my boyfriend? He looked so cute with his outfit today.
I'm going to arrange a matching outfit immediately after I go back.
You guys will scare my son. His shoulder injury has finally gotten better.
- Over here.
- It's our first day at school today and we're already chasing him like this.
- I wouldn't dare come back again in the future.
- You're speaking as if you're not chasing my husband.
- Who's your husband?
- Seriously.
Stop fighting!  We're all a family.
- Where is he?
- Maybe up there.
Older brother. Boyfriend.
Son. Husband.
Who really am I ?
Who did this with no sense of courtesy? How are other people supposed to stick anything on if it's stuck like this?
It's me.
[Xie Yixing]
An autograph is enough, right?
You've already ripped two of my posters.
Leave a few for my alma mater.
My school put up all of these posters just to welcome my arrival.
Isn't it inappropriate for you to rip them up?
You like to give autographs, right?
You... just stop looking for me at school.
I hope that in the future you remain closer to sports but further away from my life.
Okay.
Are you crazy? Do you know how much this cost?
What does it have to do with me?
In the future, I hope you only put up one poster for any of your events.
[Southern University Impression]
Hello, I'm your new roommate.
I'm a freshman at the sports college,  Xie Yixing. I play badminton.
You should know me, right?
- Hello.
So indifferent. Is he nervous to meet someone famous?
Should I try to be more approachable?
I think our dorm is too clean.
You don't have to clean it up just for me. Really.
Don't treat me like a celebrity.
I'm really down to earth and easy to get along with.
Hey, I wanted to get some new earphones. Are those any good?
Hey, do you hear me talking to you?
What's your name?
Zhao Fanzhou.
What major are you?
Forensic science.
Forensic science?
Then are you really knowledgable about the human body?
Look at me. Look at my physique.
Isn't this figure hard to maintain? Isn't it hard to train for? Isn't it?
Look at my explosive power. Come on.
♫ I think I like you ♫
♫ Never felt this before ♫
You have a shoulder injury, right? I recommend that you stop doing that.
How did you know?
The friction sound at the glenohumeral joint during exercise,
is commonly seen in patients with severe rotator cuff tears.
Wow, you can even hear that.
Let me tell you. My old injury came back during the competition last time,
so I had to push back my registration time. It still hurts even now.
Find the place where it hurts and put pressure on it for ten seconds. That can help relieve the pain.
That's amazing.
Brother, you're pretty good. You're more reliable than our team doctor.
Our team is always just icing it.
It hurts so much, I hate it.
Icing it is also a very useful treatment method.
Right? To thank you, I must treat you to a big meal.
Are there any good restaurants near the school?
The kind that is expensive, but you won't get full.
Do you know that my coach said that I've gotten fat? But I don't think so.
- Hello, I want to join the Anime Club.
- Our Anime Club is very popular.
You have to answer a few questions first.
- If we are like-minded, then we'll consider you.
- Okay.
What's your favorite anime? I'll base the questions off of that anime.
Detective Conan. There's nothing I don't know about it.
What is the name of the poison that Conan was poisoned with?
APTX-4869.
What's the smell he is most sensitive to?
The smell of bitter almonds.
Ran Mouri asked Conan where he learned to sail a boat. What did he say?
Conan said in Hawaii.
Go! The anime club doesn't welcome you.
Conan will always only love Ran Mouri. This CP ship will never sink!
All you think about is analyzing love. The most important thing about Conan is his detective spirit, okay?
I'm the club president. I am in charge of what we analyze.
The anime club doesn't welcome you.
I didn't want to join anyway! This club is false advertising! What's there to analyze about love?
(T/N: Idiom: hanging the lamb's head but selling dog meat)
His detective logic is worthy of being analyzed, okay?
South University really has some weird clubs.
Why isn't there a Detective Club?
Club President, just let it be.
- Should I start my own club?
- I already put up the posters.
I'll come over after lunch.
These kinds of immature tricks, how many more times are you going to play it?
- Where are you going?
- The cafeteria. What about you?
I'm going, too. But I don't know if they still have food since it's so late already.
What is this? Xie–
Don't mention it. I met a psycho. Let's go.
A psycho?
Xiao Lu, did you know that you have to register with the Student Association in order to start a new club?
I know.
Okay, I'll bring the exhibition artwork over in a bit.
I want to start a Detective Club, but I don't want to go beg the Student Association.
I don't get along with the Student Association's president.
Why would you be begging? Just follow the rules.
As long as you meet the requirements for starting a club, there's no reason to reject you.
Right! I'll draft an application to start a club when I'm back at the dorm.
But there's a line about needing to prove the club is necessary when creating a new club.
How do I prove the Detective Club is necessary?
Why don't you ask the Student Association? I'm not sure about that.
But I only know one person from the Student Association.
Wait, wait!
I said I would treat you to a meal. Why are we at the cafeteria?
I'm afraid it'll cause a disturbance once I show up at a place with a lot of people.
It's already past the lunch hour.
So it's past lunch hour. No wonder none of the lights are on.
Hey, wait up!
Do you know that the last time I ate at the cafeteria was about a year ago?
Since I am now a public figure, I have to take note of my image.
Boring.
What's wrong?
Xiao Lu, can you give me some courage?
What?
Classmate, can we sit here?
Sorry, they're my fans.
You have to get used to this if you're friends with me.
Is he the celebrity who drew on your shirt?
Don't whisper in front of me. Didn't I tell you not to follow me?
You even brought your friend along.
I'm warning you. If you keep following me, I'll...
You'll what?
I'll call you out on Weibo.
Then do it. The one who will be embarrassed is you anyway.
What do you mean?
I'm not your fan. I'm a student here, too.
You can't be my fan just because you're a student here?
Besides, if you weren't my fan, why would you secretly tear my poster?
Because I need to put up posters for the Art Exhibit.
Your posters are all up in a row. How are other people supposed to put anything up?
What proof do you have?
I'm also a student here. I'm her roommate.
I can testify that she has been working on the posters in the dorm.
Then... fine. Then...
The cafeteria is so empty. Why do you insist on sitting next to me?
Because... Because I'm here to find him.
I want to ask you. If I want to create a Detective Club,
how do I prove to the Student Association that the Detective Club is necessary?
I'm not eating anymore. It's too embarrassing.
Wait.
What is it?
Celebrity, you might not know this, but when us normal students finish eating,
we put back our own tray.
All right, I'm going now. I have to change before I go do something in the afternoon.
Okay, remember to take your ID.
So you haven't answered me yet.
The requirement is that it should be meaningful to student life.
Meaningful? Let me think about it.
Hello? I still need some more time.
I'm not sure yet.
The Programming Club says that if the hacker acts again, we have a better chance of figuring out who it is.
All right. Bye-bye.
I can help you investigate this hacker. It'll prove that the existence of the Detective Club is meaningful.
But before I do anything, I need to confirm something first.
So I'll be leaving first. Bye-bye.
I don't think I agreed to investigate it together.
Cai Yasi!
[Visiting Guests Room]
Slow down. I'm right here. Why are you rushing?
What do you so urgently need me for?
- I need to ask you something.
- Go ahead.
The military training concluding ceremony situation, were you the one who did it?
Why are you asking that?
Cai Yasi! You didn't actually do it, did you?
Of course not! Am I that bored?
- Really?
- Really.
Okay, that's good.
- Then I can go and investigate without any restraint.
- Investigate what?
I want to start a Detective Club, but I have to catch the hacker first
in order to prove the usefulness of my club.
You, catch hackers? And establish a Detective Club?
Stop looking down on me. I have ideas.
What ideas?
Aren't you good with computers? Can you help me investigate?
Do you think I'm crazy? I'm not helping.
I knew you would say that. Fine then.
I've already decided. I'm going to work with the Student Association's President and find the hacker!
Then the Student Association will definitely approve my application to start the Detective Club.
Student Association's President?
Are you talking about Zhao Fanzhou?
Yeah, him. Do you still remember him?
Can't you just focus on your studies?
Stop doing random irrelevant things and working with crazy people.
It's not like you're helping me, why do you care?
I'm going now. I need to walk towards my brilliant future of establishing the Detective Club.
Hey—
Hey, Master. I was just looking for you.
(T/N: Da shen as in master, expert, guru)
About looking for that hacker's ID... have you found the hacker?
- I haven't.
- Then, when do you think you'll find out?
I can't find the hacker, stop asking me.
If you can't find the hacker, it's fine. Why get angry?
[Boys' Apartment]
Hello? Zhao Fanzhou, Master can't figure out the hacker ID either.
Okay, got it. Thanks for your help.
The thing with the military training ceremony... the Programming Club can't figure it out either.
It's just that everyone's talking about this matter.
I'm not purposely trying to bother you with it.
Everyone's attention is just temporary. Don't be too upset about it.
Wait, I have something else.
Recently, all the school's clubs are recruiting.
Does the Student Association have any plans for recruiting yet?
Once the clubs finish recruiting, we're going to start interviewing.
Then, will you be there?
You know that I easily get nervous. If you're there, I'll be more at ease.
I won't necessarily always be there.
Then, when will you be there? I want to—
Not sure.
As long as you have the ability, you'll get in whether I'm there or not.
I know.
No way! The author of "Bloodthirsty Forensic Scientist" announced that they are taking a break.
What happened? Here, let me see.
This can't do. Come with me to the Chinese Department to look for the author named Zhou Xiao.
How can she just stop updating?
If she stops writing, where will I find such an interesting forensics novel?
Professor, calm down.
Fanzhou, I think that someone is targeting me.
When we were doing the dorm inspections, you were there, too.
I accused a girl of throwing out an electrical appliance and she might've been offended. Do you remember her?
I remember. It wasn't her.
How can you be sure it wasn't her?
Instinct.
I'm going to do experiments now. You go back, too.
When the results are out, I'll let you know.
Okay.
We're all freshmen.
But why am I so busy that I don't even have the time to join a club?
- Okay.
- Thank you.
No problem. It was nothing.
If you really want to thank me, I won't mind.
Come join the Badminton Club.
We can't find enough people this year. We even advertised using a badminton celebrity and it's still no use.
Okay, no problem. I'll come register once I'm done.
All right. I'll wait for you.
Fanzhou, I came back to drop a few things off.
Our Badminton Club has been recruiting all day,
but we barely got any new members.
- I guess Xie Yixing didn't really help to recruit new members.
- Hello.
I'm the Xie Yixing that wasn't a huge help to you.
Xie Yixing! Why are you here?
I live here.
It's a great honor. I even want to move back in.
I'm flattered.
I didn't really mean what I said earlier. I'm actually your fan.
I was the one who put up all the posters at school.
Really?
I was joking earlier. You should've told me, I'm not that petty.
I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Chen Yu.
I'm the president of the Badminton Club, an exchange student in the Forensic Science Department.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, too.
The development of Pre-Qin historical essays can more or less be split into three periods.
The first period is from the Xia dynasty (c. 2070BC to 1600BC) to the Spring and Autumn period (c. 771BC to 476BC).
So using the "Book of History" and the "Spring and Autumn Annals" as representatives of the period;
in this period, historians and different branches
do not communicate with each other.
He felt a deranged sense of fulfillment.
It makes a lot of sense.
I didn't say class was dismissed yet.
Classmate, you're a little too excited, aren't you?
Sorry, Professor.
I have something urgent. Next time, I'll definitely be the last to go.
All right, class is dismissed.
What's wrong with her?
I don't know. Maybe she's answering the call of nature?
We'll start class now.
Besides clinical forensic medicine,
your criminal psychology classes will also be taught by me this year.
Aren't you guys very happy?
Yes.
That's a bit disappointing.
It looks like I'm not that well-received.
Hi.
First, listen to class.
The female student.
You're not in the Forensic Science Department, right?
Who let you in?
Hello, Professor.
It's Zhao Fanzhou who let me in.
Zhao Fanzhou?
It's like this. I'm a detective novel lover.
I accidentally met Zhao Fanzhou.
He said that going to your class can give the composition of my detective novel
the ability to enlighten people with perfect wisdom.
So I came because of your reputation.
I believe you won't mind there being one more student, right?
Did you all hear?
I have quite the reputation out there.
I welcome you to listen. Please sit.
Don't distract other students from class.
Got it. Thank you, Professor.
In the early 1970s,
I'll explain to you after class.
They realized a characteristic in criminal psychology that was extremely shocking.
The majority of killers believe themselves to be good people.
Wow, your class is so interesting.
I have a rush of inspiration now.
Let me tell you my train of thought. It's like this.
Although the male protagonist is a murderer, his heart is very conflicted.
Every time he goes home after killing someone, he sobs, bangs his head against the wall, or something like that.
So his wall has bloodstains on it.
The police think it's the victims' blood.
Little did they know, it's from his own head!
Don't you think this plot has a lot of twists?
So, what is it that you came to find me for?
Right, I almost forgot.
I wanted to tell you that I came up with a way for you to find the hacker.
[Southern University Forum]
So, your idea is to go on the forums and provoke him?
I did a lot of research on hacker behavior.
Look. He chose this large of an event,
signifying that he wants to attract people's attention.
And from the sentence, "Your speech is garbage," you can tell that he is
conceited and emotional.
I think if we send him a declaration of war on the public forum, we can draw him out.
Then, he'll probably leave some clues for the Programming Club to track.
Then, what kind of content do you intend on sending?
I haven't thought that through yet.
Then think about it thoroughly.
Also, I recommend that you handwrite it and post it.
Why do I have to handwrite it? It's the 21st century. Who still handwrites things? You're so anti-environmental.
What if he also handwrites his response? Then I can do handwriting recognition.
That seems to be reasonable. But I still don't want to handwrite.
Why?
Because my handwriting is ugly.
- Write.
- Okay.
Don't look. It really is kind of ugly.
Are you crazy? Yelling so suddenly.
Someone posted on the school's forum saying they found the hacker from the military training ceremony.
How do I not know about that?
How would you know?
I... I don't.
Cai Yasi, are you still playing? I'm about to die.
I'm coming!
I know who you are. If you don't turn yourself in tomorrow,
you will regret it. - The future Detective Club president.
Zhou Xiao, you idiot.
We got a reply.
What does this mean?
He knows you don't know his identity.
I think it's an acrostic poem.
Can you move over a little bit?
Zhou... Xiao... You... Idiot?
Why'd you curse at me?
This person knows you. Do you have a friend who's really good with computers?
No... I don't.
I suddenly remembered I have something to take care of. I'll get going.
Then I'll start verifying the computer science students' handwriting first.
How are you going to verify it?
The school has records of every student's signature from their enrollment.
The Forensics Department has an instrument to recognize handwriting.
Um... I'll tell you the truth.
Don't be so stubborn.
Even if we found out who he was, we don't have to go catch him.
We can just enjoy this investigation process, isn't that enough?
No.
Fine, then I'm begging you. This really isn't that serious.
If we really have to, I'll go to the Student Association representative, Jia Yichun and apologize. Okay?
You're going to apologize?
So, it really was you?
Do you hate me that much?
It wasn't her. You've misunderstood.
Actually...
Just say it was me. I'll apologize.
I'm sorry.
A simple apology is not enough.  Why on earth did you do that to me?
Maybe because... I'm a really petty person.
You... You broke my radio compass.
I was mad, so I wanted to get back at you.
I mean, we both made mistakes, can we just call it even?
You broke her radio compass?
It was an accident.
I guess I misunderstood you then.
Sorry. I'm sincerely apologizing to you again.
You're so nice, pretty, and generous, you'll definitely forgive me. Right?
I'll get going then. Bye.
Cai Yasi, I've been waiting for half an hour already. Hurry up and come out.
Wait a little bit more. This teacher is too mean, I'm too afraid to leave.
You're actually afraid to do something? Hurry up and come out.
Just give me five more minutes, young lady.
Professor, I have something to do and need to leave now.
Are you crazy?
Cai Yasi, let me tell you this. You owe me a big meal.
Based on what?
You're an idiot.
When I asked you, you kept your mouth shut. You only admitted it was you, after putting me in such a difficult situation.
You just apologized for me,
and I only hacked into that speech to get revenge for you.
I thought this matter would just end like this, but you insisted on getting involved.
Also, did you really have to spend ¥58 on your meal? It's hard for my parents to make money, too.
Oh, shut up already. When you were buying your gaming equipment, why didn't you think,
"Oh, it's hard for Auntie and Uncle to make money"?
Besides if it wasn't for you, I would not have needed to bow my head down in front of Jia Yichun.
Then I'll just go and confess. It's not that big of a deal.
Do you have a problem? We solved the problem already, why would you confess now?
Hello?
Is this Zhou Xiao?
That's me.
I'm Chair Liu from the Student Affairs office. Can you come to the our office right now?
The Student Affairs office?
It's on the 2nd floor of the Administrative Building.
Okay.
Why did they call you to the Student Affairs office?
I don't know. Maybe there is a problem with class selection. I keep not being able to pick my classes.
I'll go take a look and I'll be back soon.
Don't try to take my food.
She is more protective of her food than a dog.
Hello? Chair Liu?
Chen Yu, we've found the hacker!
The hacker was found?
The Student Association doesn't have to worry about this anymore.
Hello, Chair Liu. This is Zhao Fanzhou.
- I thought you didn't like to interact with leadership.
- Okay.
I'll come over now.
Come in, please.
What are you doing here?
I'm rescuing a damsel in distress.
Classmate Zhou Xiao.
You should know why I asked you here. Confess yourself.
Chair, I'm the one who did it. You can stop scaring her.
What's going on?
Chair, they're good friends.
Can you not talk with such insinuations? I did it, and Zhou Xiao knew nothing about it.
What evidence do you have that she is innocent?
I have evidence.
Chair, Zhou Xiao was the one who thought to post something on the school's forum to lure the hacker out.
The Programming Club has already found that the ID is the same
as the one on the day of the military training speech.
Also, he left his handwriting online.
I've already finished identifying the handwriting.
So smart.
Sorry. It looks like I misunderstood you again.
But you shouldn't have misled me from the start.
Luckily, Fanzhou came just in time.
It's okay. Cai Yasi is the one who is mentally dumb.
You guys all head out first.
Classmate Cai, stay.
Okay.
Okay, then I'll go out first.
Go. Don't worry.
Who's worried about you? You deserve it.
Classmate Cai, come explain to me what exactly is going on with this.
- President, uh...
- I have a name.
Zhao Fanzhou.
It's like this. Can you help me with something? Aren't you the Student Association President?
What do you need help with?
It's just... can you talk to Chair Liu
and ask him to let Cai Yasi off easy?
No.
Stingy.
You won't even help me with this little thing. Then I definitely won't be able to create the Detective Club.
You can create it.
Didn't you already prove that the Detective Club has a purpose?
You're right!
So, I'm the Detective Club president now? Yes!
I'm the club president, but I still can't help Cai Yasi.
[Preview]
Why didn't my email for establishing a detective club receive a response?
It is not in line with regulations.
Zhou Xiao! Zhou Xiao, are you deaf?
- I'll join.
- You?
I really think he's interested in you.
Let me introduce everyone to our celebrity coach, Xie Yixing.
I'm trapped in the elevator.
♫ Sunlight spilled into the wind’s embrace ♫
♫ There’s a bit of sweet air blowing our way ♫
♫ Ever since the day I first met you ♫
♫ I realized only a frame with you in it can be called a scenery ♫
♫ Silently experience all your feelings ♫
♫ Perhaps taking a step back will let me get closer ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ You will also have a love that belongs solely to you ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where the future’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and support you to the end ♫
♫ I’ll be happy if you are happy ♫
♫ I have him tolerating my willfulness ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ I will also have a love that belongs solely to me ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where tomorrow’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and protect you to the end ♫